Update tlbimp-exe-type-library-importer.md (#13354)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/tools/tlbimp-exe-type-library-importer.md

  
 It is often useful or necessary to be able to assign [strong names](../app-domains/strong-named-assemblies.md) to assemblies. Therefore, Tlbimp.exe includes options for supplying the information necessary to generate strongly named assemblies. Both the **/keyfile:** and **/keycontainer:** options sign assemblies with strong names. Therefore, it is logical to supply only one of these options at a time.  
  
 You can specify multiple reference assemblies by using the **/reference** option multiple times.
 

>  Due to the way in which Tlbimp.exe does assembly generation it is not possible to retarget an assembly to a different `mscorlib` version. For example, if it is desired to generate an assembly that targets .NET Framework 2.0, the Tlbimp.exe shipped with the .NET Framework 2.0/3.0/3.5 SDK must be used. In order to target .NET Framework 4.x, the Tlbimp.exe shipped with a .NET Framework 4.x SDK should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Due to the way in which Tlbimp.exe generates assemblies, it is not possible to retarget an assembly to a different `mscorlib` version. For example, if you desire to generate an assembly that targets .NET Framework 2.0, the Tlbimp.exe shipped with the .NET Framework 2.0/3.0/3.5 SDK must be used. In order to target .NET Framework 4.x, the Tlbimp.exe shipped with a .NET Framework 4.x SDK should be used.
```

Author: Sounds good.
